docs: add endpoint picker guides (#917)
envoyproxy/ai-gateway: site/docs/capabilities/inference/httproute-inferencepool.md

---
id: httproute-inferencepool
title: HTTPRoute + InferencePool Guide
sidebar_position: 2
---

# HTTPRoute + InferencePool Guide

> This guide demonstrates how to use InferencePool with standard Gateway API HTTPRoute for intelligent inference routing. This approach provides basic load balancing and endpoint selection capabilities for inference workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide shows how to use InferencePool with the standard Gateway API HTTPRoute for intelligent inference routing. This approach provides basic load balancing and endpoint selection capabilities for inference workloads.
```

Reviewer: small grammar edit
